
efensive posture shall be taken up in the optimal tactical position in relation to the people or property in need of such defense. All local laws not in violation of the U.S. and subject States Constitution shall be observed. All laws in violation of the U.S. and subject States Constitution are hereby considered null and void, the enforcement of which most likely represents the need for such defense as herein outlined.
s the nature of a Quick Reaction Force is understood, a defensive posture will be taken up in the shortest amount of time possible for the allocation of the necessary defensive resources to the location determined. Minimum force size will be determined by the leadership of the coalition.
s has been the case throughout recorded history, and reasonably assumed throughout unrecorded history, governments instituted amongst men for the protection of private lives and property have always assumed and usurped duties and responsibilities contrary to the purpose of their institution, and, specific to these United States, such governments have done so in complete and utter violation of the documents which established them by the free will of the people, and the union of them via the Constitution and Bill of Rights. Once those governments have ceded their intended purpose to some other end or intent, it can be reasonably and logically ascertained that such entity would become aggressive to its former purpose and the people who established it in pursuit of its own goals.
t such a point as the government intends to use the physical power granted it by those who implemented it against them, it then becomes the responsibility of the people themselves to defend their country from its government, and to generally revert to the process outlined by the Declaration of Independence to absolve such government of its power, or separate from it to be freed from its oppression. As this coalition is intended for the defense of the populace from enemies foreign and domestic, the latter path shall be left to the determination of that populace, and we shall guarantee them the freedom to make that choice in accordance with man's God-given Liberty, the ideas espoused in the Declaration of Independence, the Constitutions of the several States, the Constitution of their union, and the Bill of Rights, so help us God. 